README.md, before:

# Awesome-Cross-Platform-Apps
the awesome list of cross platform apps solutions

#NativeApps
+ [React-Native](https://github.com/facebook/react-native) -  facebook's React for building native apps
+ [nativescript](https://github.com/nativescript) - Open Source framework for building cross-platform truly native iOS, Android and Windows mobile apps using JavaScript.
+ [CrossAPP](https://github.com/9miao/CrossApp) - use Cocos2d-X for app development
+ [Xamarin](https://developer.xamarin.com/) - use C# to build apps
+ [QT](http://www.qt.io/mobile-app-development/) - Qt for mobile apps
+ [JUniversal](http://juniversal.org/) -Native,  cross platform,  mobile apps in Java
+ [Kivy](http://kivy.org/#home) - cross platform app use python

##Hybrid
+ [CrossWalk](https://github.com/crosswalk-project/crosswalk) - use its own  web runtime  instead of WebView
+ [Cordova](http://cordova.apache.org/) - yet another hybrid solution
+ [mobile-chrome-apps](https://github.com/MobileChromeApps/mobile-chrome-apps) - use chrome apps
+ [Titanium](https://github.com/appcelerator/titanium.git) - yet another hybrid solution
+ [PhoneGap](https://github.com/phonegap/) - yet another hybrid solution
+ [ionic](https://github.com/driftyco/ionic) -  hybrid solution, Better with Angular JS
+ [sencha](https://www.sencha.com/customers/) -hybrid solution using ExtJS
+ [coronalabs](https://coronalabs.com/) - yet another hybrid solution
+ [CocoonJS](https://github.com/ludei/cocoonjs-cli) - high performance solution for app and game development

###IDE
+ [IntelXDK](https://software.intel.com/en-us/android/blogs/2014/01/02/developing-android-apps-using-intel-xdk-and-threejs) - support developement through CrossWalk

Commit message:

Added MyAppConverter to NativeApps
MyAppConverter is a plateforme that allow you to converte your code native to native, currentlly support iOS to Android convertion.

README.md, after:

# Awesome-Cross-Platform-Apps
the awesome list of cross platform apps solutions

#NativeApps
+ [React-Native](https://github.com/facebook/react-native) -  facebook's React for building native apps
+ [nativescript](https://github.com/nativescript) - Open Source framework for building cross-platform truly native iOS, Android and Windows mobile apps using JavaScript.
+ [CrossAPP](https://github.com/9miao/CrossApp) - use Cocos2d-X for app development
+ [Xamarin](https://developer.xamarin.com/) - use C# to build apps
+ [MyAppConverter](https://myappconverter.com/) - Instantly convert your native mobile application code to other platforms, download it and finish it yourself.
+ [QT](http://www.qt.io/mobile-app-development/) - Qt for mobile apps
+ [JUniversal](http://juniversal.org/) -Native,  cross platform,  mobile apps in Java
+ [Kivy](http://kivy.org/#home) - cross platform app use python

##Hybrid
+ [CrossWalk](https://github.com/crosswalk-project/crosswalk) - use its own  web runtime  instead of WebView
+ [Cordova](http://cordova.apache.org/) - yet another hybrid solution
+ [mobile-chrome-apps](https://github.com/MobileChromeApps/mobile-chrome-apps) - use chrome apps
+ [Titanium](https://github.com/appcelerator/titanium.git) - yet another hybrid solution
+ [PhoneGap](https://github.com/phonegap/) - yet another hybrid solution
+ [ionic](https://github.com/driftyco/ionic) -  hybrid solution, Better with Angular JS
+ [sencha](https://www.sencha.com/customers/) -hybrid solution using ExtJS
+ [coronalabs](https://coronalabs.com/) - yet another hybrid solution
+ [CocoonJS](https://github.com/ludei/cocoonjs-cli) - high performance solution for app and game development

###IDE
+ [IntelXDK](https://software.intel.com/en-us/android/blogs/2014/01/02/developing-android-apps-using-intel-xdk-and-threejs) - support developement through CrossWalk
